## Account Mechanism

HowChat is different from other instant chat software. HowChat has its own unique account mechanism. We need to ensure the safety of users and return almost all benefits to users.

### Account function horizontal comparison chart

| Type/Method | Number of Distribution | Distribution Method | Login Method | Permission |
| :-------: | :------: | :------------: | :------: | :----: |
| Main account | 1 | Register for immediate assignment | Scan face | Normal |
| Secondary account | 1 | Register for immediate assignment | Scan face | Normal |
| Robot Number | 1 | Apply separately after registration | Special | Limited |

### Account mechanism detailed introduction

When registering at HowChat, we will deliver two accounts to you at once, the primary account and the secondary account. This is designed to help you quickly distinguish between outsiders and relatives, work and family, and avoid the trouble of restricting permissions.

Of course, HowChat encourages robot behaviors. We will not restrict robots and prepare the permissions of the login methods for robots to help you use HowChat more conveniently, quickly, and efficiently. The robot account needs to be applied for separately after registration, and it will get a unique ID for the entire network just like the primary account and the secondary account.

All permissions of the primary account and the secondary account are the same, just to distinguish between the primary and secondary names, there is no functional difference.

### Password mechanism

| Type/Difference | Length | Use Background |
| :-------: | :--------------------: | :------: |
| Long password | 8-16 alphanumeric symbols mixed | Regular login |
| Short password | 4 digits pure number | Simple verification |
| Key | 32-bit alphanumeric mix | Data transfer |

Both the long password and the short password are set during registration, and the key is generated by the system according to the specified algorithm during login. The long password is used for regular login, and the short password is used to verify the face login and verify the software lock when opening the software (you can choose whether to open the software lock). The key is used for data transfer between terminals, is a representative of user information, and is also the only and most important credential for requesting official and third-party servers.

I hope you enjoy a good life after registration, and I wish you a happy chat on HowChat!